book/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Practical Cryptography with Go
---

{% include JB/setup %}

* [Buy the book](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto)
* [Example code](https://github.com/kisom/gocrypto)
* [Book's twitter account](https://twitter.com/gocrypto)
* [Read it online](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto/read)

I'm currently working on a book titled *Practical Cryptography with Go*. It's
being published on [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com). This means that if you
purchase the book, you get updates as they're being published, and support my
writing habit at the same time. You can get it from the
[Leanpub page](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto).

The book is aimed at Go developers who are familiar with the language, but
not with cryptography. It doesn't aim to teach the theory of cryptography,
but rather provide a blueprint showing how to effectively use cryptography
in your code, and when you should use it. I assume you aren't terribly
familiar with crypto, and strive explain what you need to know to use
it properly, and I lay out a set of best practises so you don't need to
worry about picking a particular cipher. The book bases these choices
on the NIST guidelines, particular the FIPS publications.

I'll keep this page updated with the book's progress.

## Planned Table of Contents

0. Preface (*draft complete*)
0. Introduction (*draft complete*)
0. Symmetric Ciphers (*draft complete*)
0. ASCII-armouring (*draft complete*)
0. Cryptographic Hashes and Passphrase-Based Keys (*draft complete*)
0. Authentication, Part I (*draft complete*)
0. Attacking Symmetric Crypto (*in progress*)
0. Public Key Cryptography with RSA (*draft complete*)
0. Authentication, Part II (*draft complete*)
0. Hybrid Cryptographic Systems (*draft complete*)
0. Trust and the Social Problem
0. Key Security

I'm contemplating adding some chapters on the OpenPGP packages and
OTR packages, but we'll see how turns out once I get further along.

Commit message:

Update book -> draft complete.
Feels good man.

book/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Practical Cryptography with Go
---

{% include JB/setup %}

* [Buy the book](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto)
* [Example code](https://github.com/kisom/gocrypto)
* [Book's twitter account](https://twitter.com/gocrypto)
* [Read it online](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto/read)

I'm currently working on a book titled *Practical Cryptography with Go*. It's
being published on [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com). This means that if you
purchase the book, you get updates as they're being published, and support my
writing habit at the same time. You can get it from the
[Leanpub page](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto).

The book is aimed at Go developers who are familiar with the language, but
not with cryptography. It doesn't aim to teach the theory of cryptography,
but rather provide a blueprint showing how to effectively use cryptography
in your code, and when you should use it. I assume you aren't terribly
familiar with crypto, and strive explain what you need to know to use
it properly, and I lay out a set of best practises so you don't need to
worry about picking a particular cipher. The book bases these choices
on the NIST guidelines, particular the FIPS publications.

I'll keep this page updated with the book's progress.

## <del>Planned</del> Table of Contents

0. Preface (*draft complete*)
0. Introduction (*draft complete*)
0. Symmetric Ciphers (*draft complete*)
0. ASCII-armouring (*draft complete*)
0. Cryptographic Hashes and Passphrase-Based Keys (*draft complete*)
0. Authentication, Part I (*draft complete*)
0. Attacking Symmetric Crypto (*in progress*)
0. Public Key Cryptography with RSA (*draft complete*)
0. Authentication, Part II (*draft complete*)
0. Hybrid Cryptographic Systems (*draft complete*)
0. Trust and the Social Problem (*draft complete*)
0. Key <del>Security</del>Management (*draft complete*)
0. Conclusion (*draft complete*)

<h3>The first draft of the book is now complete!</h3>

I'm contemplating adding some chapters on the OpenPGP packages and
OTR packages, but we'll see how turns out once I get further along.

Update: I've decided to split out the examples of using existing crypto
systems into a separate (free) book. Stay tuned for more information.
